Li Cun, I have to lock me up
Hurry up and leave, don't get in the way of the Supreme's eyes here
Nonsense, we can't afford to offend the four families
Why don't you go back to prison?
Dad, don't worry.
Even if the four major families come together, I am not afraid
You go take care of my mother first
Ready to assemble the Peerless Army tonight
The Supreme Peerless Army is still in charge of Royal Foreign Affairs
If the robbery starts now
I'm afraid there will be a loss
The past ten years
I neglected my family in order to pacify the Royal Wai
Let parents suffer
Shame on them
Even if it is a chaos outside the imperial court
I want to get justice for them first
Yes